# East Vantage Test - Fast API

This project implements a FastAPI server that provides CRUD operations for managing addresses. It includes APIs to
create, retrieve, update, delete, and search addresses based on geographical distance.

## Prerequisites

Ensure you have Python 3.12 installed on your system as this project is only tested in 3.12. You can check your Python
version by running:

```
python --version
```

## Project Setup

Follow these steps to set up your project environment and run the server:

### 1. Clone the Repository

First, clone the repository to your local machine:

```
git clone https://github.com/shaheenhyderk/eastvantage.git
cd eastvantage
```

### 2. Create a Virtual Environment

To isolate our package dependencies locally, create a virtual environment by running:
```python -m venv .venv```

Activate the virtual environment:

- On Windows:
  ```.venv\Scripts\activate```
- On Unix or MacOS:
  ```source .venv/bin/activate```

### 3. Install Dependencies

With the virtual environment activated, install the project dependencies:
```pip install -r requirements.txt```

### 4. Run the Server

To start the server, run:
```python run.py```

The FastAPI server will start running on http://localhost:8001 as run.py is a wrapper to start uvicorn. You can access the API documentation automatically
generated by FastAPI by navigating to http://localhost:8001/docs in your web browser.

## API Endpoints

All API endpoints are prefixed with `/api/v1/address`:

- `POST /api/v1/address/create/`: Create a new address.
- `GET /api/v1/address/list/`: Retrieve all addresses.
- `GET /api/v1/address/get/{address_id}`: Retrieve a specific address by ID.
- `PUT /api/v1/address/update/{address_id}`: Update an existing address.
- `DELETE /api/v1/address/delete/{address_id}`: Delete an address.
- `GET /api/v1/address/search/`: Search addresses within a specified distance in kilometers.


